Tell me, how are you doing this?
because there are a lot of people in
question how to lower the effect are
more making this video to let the
links in the description that in this case is rb
actor with the cracker
the opal and the track in interlagos then sr
victor maybe what you will do to
download how I perceive cattle and as I
You're not going to be able to download me, but I
I'm kind of explaining the way it goes
give you the fuck you understand
will open the vector that comes there and how
Are you seeing come a crack an r7 the
What are you going to do, will you open it?
factor is going to open I'm going to give
video is shorter because I do not
I have netbooks as I was saying
to understand very slow
Let's wait a little while to pause.
even if it's a few seconds
here it appeared here next
and I agree to chinext, I'm going to cancel
Because you already have, you can not really
cancel was not able to turn paulo was also
determine the vote
finished will be such a direct 9x
I do not know if it's okay to go forward and
There, I'll install it here when it's over.
I'm back from the club too.
and will simply drag the rake star
is simply to drag the ace into the
folder
That's it, that's all.
cracked can play more for you
have the opal and lane in you interlagos
simply not the paraense
You and I are teaching the word more.
it is the same procedure procedure for
all cars, right?
so if there is no game data and rfm does not
there is reason for ri14's folder not going
have to download everything again because it will
fight only if you have both files and
selects and drags only that and will only have
a game data or rf or rfm
then you drag too and that 's all it is
a very basic video lesson and the links of
video and still subscribe to my
channel because you will have more videos
if you want to help here
share this video on social networks
and with your friends
besides helping fucking and if you do not
liked
Leave a comment of why you do not
I like tap that I'm picky and want
to know the why of you from jewelry to
down and on are